TONIGHT WE’RE JOINED BY ONE OF THE FEW TRUMP EXECUTIVES TO WORK
THE FEW TRUMP EXECUTIVES TO WORK BY HIS SIDE.
BY HIS SIDE. THAT COULD BE INTERESTING.
THAT COULD BE INTERESTING. BUT I BEGIN WITH CLIENT NUMBER 3
BUT I BEGIN WITH CLIENT NUMBER 3 SITTING DOWN WITH INDIVIDUAL 1.
SITTING DOWN WITH INDIVIDUAL 1. ALLOW ME TO EXPLAIN.
ALLOW ME TO EXPLAIN. IT’S A VERY 2019 STORY.
IT’S A VERY 2019 STORY. DONALD TRUMP WENT TO SPEAK WITH
DONALD TRUMP WENT TO SPEAK WITH ANOTHER FELLOW FORMER MICHAEL
ANOTHER FELLOW FORMER MICHAEL COHEN CLIENT, SEAN HANNITY, TO
COHEN CLIENT, SEAN HANNITY, TO ATTACK COHEN’S ALLEGATIONS THAT
ATTACK COHEN’S ALLEGATIONS THAT TRUMP WAS BEHIND THAT MONEY-
TRUMP WAS BEHIND THAT MONEY- SCHEME TO PAY OFF STORMY
SCHEME TO PAY OFF STORMY DANIELS.
DANIELS. >> HE TOLD ME AT LEAST A DOZEN
>> HE TOLD ME AT LEAST A DOZEN TIMES THAT HE MADE THE DECISION
TIMES THAT HE MADE THE DECISION ON THE PAYMENTS AND HE DIDN’T
ON THE PAYMENTS AND HE DIDN’T TELL YOU.
TELL YOU. >> HE DID.
>> HE DID. AND HE MADE THE DECISION.
AND HE MADE THE DECISION. REMEMBER THIS, HE’S AN ATTORNEY.
REMEMBER THIS, HE’S AN ATTORNEY. WHATEVER DECISION HE MAKES, HE’S
WHATEVER DECISION HE MAKES, HE’S SUPPOSED TO RELY ON AN ATTORNEY
SUPPOSED TO RELY ON AN ATTORNEY TO MAKE A DECISION.
TO MAKE A DECISION. WHEN YOU HAVE AN ATTORNEY,
WHEN YOU HAVE AN ATTORNEY, YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO
YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO RELY ON YOUR ATTORNEY.
RELY ON YOUR ATTORNEY. >> ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE?
>> ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE? >> IT’S ALSO CALLED RELIANCE.
>> IT’S ALSO CALLED RELIANCE. >> HE KNOWS WHAT HE’S DOING.
>> HE KNOWS WHAT HE’S DOING. RELIANCE IS AN ACTUAL DEFENSE,
RELIANCE IS AN ACTUAL DEFENSE, THOUGH NOT TO COMMITTING A
THOUGH NOT TO COMMITTING A CRIME.
CRIME. NOW, IT DONALD TRUMP DIDN’T TELL
NOW, IT DONALD TRUMP DIDN’T TELL COHEN TO MAKE THOSE HUSH MONEY
COHEN TO MAKE THOSE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS, IF COHEN JUST DECIDED
PAYMENTS, IF COHEN JUST DECIDED TO PAY STORMY DANIELS ALL OUT OF
TO PAY STORMY DANIELS ALL OUT OF THE BLUE, WHY DID TRUMP PAY FOR
THE BLUE, WHY DID TRUMP PAY FOR IT?
IT? COHEN HAS THE RECEIPTS, OF
COHEN HAS THE RECEIPTS, OF COURSE, AND HE SHOWED THEM TO
COURSE, AND HE SHOWED THEM TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. TODAY’S TRUMP LAWYER RUDY
TODAY’S TRUMP LAWYER RUDY GIULIANI TRIED TO EXPLAIN.
GIULIANI TRIED TO EXPLAIN. >> WE BROUGHT OUT TEN MONTHS AGO
>> WE BROUGHT OUT TEN MONTHS AGO THAT HE MADE THE MAMTS,PAYMENTS.
THAT HE MADE THE MAMTS,PAYMENTS. IT’S OUR VIEW OF IT THAT THE
IT’S OUR VIEW OF IT THAT THE PRESIDENT DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT IT
PRESIDENT DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT IT AT THE TIME.
AT THE TIME. AND THEN THE PRESIDENT WHEN HE
AND THEN THE PRESIDENT WHEN HE FOUND OUT ABOUT IT MADE
FOUND OUT ABOUT IT MADE ARRANGEMENTS FOR REIMBURSEMENT.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR REIMBURSEMENT. >> NOBODY REALLY BUYS THAT, AND
>> NOBODY REALLY BUYS THAT, AND DONALD TRUMP IS WELL KNOWN TO
DONALD TRUMP IS WELL KNOWN TO NOT SPEND A LOT OF MONEY.
NOT SPEND A LOT OF MONEY. HE IS CONSIDERED BY MANY OF HIS
HE IS CONSIDERED BY MANY OF HIS FORMER COWORKERS NOTORIOUSLY
FORMER COWORKERS NOTORIOUSLY CHEAP.
CHEAP. HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE HAVE ACTUALLY
HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE HAVE ACTUALLY SUED HIM FOR NOT PAYING BACK
SUED HIM FOR NOT PAYING BACK WHAT HE OWED.
WHAT HE OWED. THAT MEANS THINGS HE AUTHORIZED
THAT MEANS THINGS HE AUTHORIZED LIKE DISHWASHERS, PAINTERS,
LIKE DISHWASHERS, PAINTERS, BARTENDERS, AND YES, QUITE
BARTENDERS, AND YES, QUITE RELEVANT TONIGHT, LAWYERS.
RELEVANT TONIGHT, LAWYERS. FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR JOHN
FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR JOHN FLANNERY, SPECIAL COUNSEL
FLANNERY, SPECIAL COUNSEL COUNSEL TO THREE INVESTIGATIONS,
COUNSEL TO THREE INVESTIGATIONS, AND FORMER ATTORNEY BARBARA
AND FORMER ATTORNEY BARBARA McQUADE KNOWS HER WAY AROUND
McQUADE KNOWS HER WAY AROUND THESE ISSUES.
THESE ISSUES. JOHN, I SEE YOU MOVING AROUND IN
JOHN, I SEE YOU MOVING AROUND IN YOUR CHAIR, BUT YOU CAN HEAR ME,
YOUR CHAIR, BUT YOU CAN HEAR ME, CAN’T YOU?
CAN’T YOU? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> RELIANCE.
>> RELIANCE. DO YOU BUY IT?
DO YOU BUY IT? >> NO, I DON’T.
>> NO, I DON’T. IT’S INTERESTING WHAT THESE GUYS
IT’S INTERESTING WHAT THESE GUYS DO.
DO. RELIANCE IS BASED ON THE PLA TON
RELIANCE IS BASED ON THE PLA TON PLATONIC IDEA OF AN ATTORNEY --
PLATONIC IDEA OF AN ATTORNEY -- HE DIDN’T WANT AN ATTORNEY, HE
HE DIDN’T WANT AN ATTORNEY, HE WANTED A FIXER.
WANTED A FIXER. HE WANTED SOMEONE TO DO WHAT HE
HE WANTED SOMEONE TO DO WHAT HE WANTED DONE AND HE DIDN’T CARE
WANTED DONE AND HE DIDN’T CARE ABOUT THE LAW.
ABOUT THE LAW. THIS GUY HAS A WHOLE LINE OF
THIS GUY HAS A WHOLE LINE OF THESE PEOPLE, STARTING WITH MR.
THESE PEOPLE, STARTING WITH MR. COHEN, THE FAMOUS GET THE
COHEN, THE FAMOUS GET THE COMMUNISTS WHO ASSOCIATED HIM
COMMUNISTS WHO ASSOCIATED HIM WITH MOBSTERESS WHO TOLD HIM TO
WITH MOBSTERESS WHO TOLD HIM TO FIGHT AND MAKE DEMANDS AND
FIGHT AND MAKE DEMANDS AND EVERYTHING ELSE.
EVERYTHING ELSE. THERE IS NO REASON TO BELIEVE
THERE IS NO REASON TO BELIEVE FOR AN INSTANT THAT RELIANCE --
FOR AN INSTANT THAT RELIANCE -- AND SEAN HANNITY, WHAT A PAIR
AND SEAN HANNITY, WHAT A PAIR TALKING ABOUT THIS AS IF THEY
TALKING ABOUT THIS AS IF THEY KNOW WHAT AN ATTORNEY IS AND
KNOW WHAT AN ATTORNEY IS AND THAT’S WHAT THEY WANT TO HAVE
THAT’S WHAT THEY WANT TO HAVE DONE.
DONE. THAT’S NOT AT ALL WHAT THIS WAS
THAT’S NOT AT ALL WHAT THIS WAS ABOUT.
ABOUT. >> YEAH, I THOUGHT, AND I SAY
>> YEAH, I THOUGHT, AND I SAY THIS IN ALL FAIRNESS, BARBARA, I
THIS IN ALL FAIRNESS, BARBARA, I THOUGHT THIS WAS ONE OF THOSE
THOUGHT THIS WAS ONE OF THOSE REBUTTALS AND DEFENSES THAT
REBUTTALS AND DEFENSES THAT REALLY SHOWED THEY HAVE NO
REALLY SHOWED THEY HAVE NO GROUND LEFT.
GROUND LEFT. AND THERE ARE DECENT DEFENSES.
AND THERE ARE DECENT DEFENSES. WE’VE COVERED THEM ON THIS SHOW.
WE’VE COVERED THEM ON THIS SHOW. THERE ARE GOOD DEFENSES, FOR
THERE ARE GOOD DEFENSES, FOR EXAMPLE, TO ALLEGED COLLUSION.
EXAMPLE, TO ALLEGED COLLUSION. BUT THIS SEEMED WILD.
BUT THIS SEEMED WILD. I HAVE A SHORT QUESTION FOR YOU
I HAVE A SHORT QUESTION FOR YOU FOLLOWED BY A LODGENGER ONE,
FOLLOWED BY A LODGENGER ONE, BARBARA.
BARBARA. MY SHORT QUESTION IS HAVE YOU
MY SHORT QUESTION IS HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ONE FORMER CLIENT
EVER SEEN ONE FORMER CLIENT INTERVIEW ANOTHER FORMER CLIENT
INTERVIEW ANOTHER FORMER CLIENT OF A LAWYER GOING TO JAIL ABOUT
OF A LAWYER GOING TO JAIL ABOUT WHAT ONE CLIENT ALLEGEDLY DID?
WHAT ONE CLIENT ALLEGEDLY DID? >> SHORT ANSWER, NO.
>> SHORT ANSWER, NO. >> AGAIN, IT’S EASY TO FORGET IN
>> AGAIN, IT’S EASY TO FORGET IN 2019.
2019. SEAN HANNITY SAYS HE PAID
SEAN HANNITY SAYS HE PAID MICHAEL COHEN TO BE HIS LAWYER.
MICHAEL COHEN TO BE HIS LAWYER. THAT RIGHT THERE IS A HUGE
THAT RIGHT THERE IS A HUGE INTEREST FOR THAT INTERVIEW.
INTEREST FOR THAT INTERVIEW. QUESTION NUMBER TWO IS THE
QUESTION NUMBER TWO IS THE LONGER QUESTION FOR YOU.
LONGER QUESTION FOR YOU. IF MICHAEL COHEN IS RIGHT AND
IF MICHAEL COHEN IS RIGHT AND THE CHECKS ARE RIGHT AND THEY’RE
THE CHECKS ARE RIGHT AND THEY’RE IN EVIDENCE -- AND THIS IS
IN EVIDENCE -- AND THIS IS ULTIMATELY GOING TO BE RESOLVED
ULTIMATELY GOING TO BE RESOLVED IN EVIDENTIARY PROCEEDINGS, NOT
IN EVIDENTIARY PROCEEDINGS, NOT IN THE MICHAEL COHEN
IN THE MICHAEL COHEN PROCEEDINGS, WHAT DOES IT MEAN
PROCEEDINGS, WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO YOU, BARBARA, THAT HE BROUGHT
TO YOU, BARBARA, THAT HE BROUGHT THOSE CHECKS AND THERE IS A
THOSE CHECKS AND THERE IS A MULTI-PERSON -- I DON’T WANT TO
MULTI-PERSON -- I DON’T WANT TO USE CONSPIRACY, BUT MULTI-PERSON
USE CONSPIRACY, BUT MULTI-PERSON PROJECT FOR TRUMP MONEY TO HELP
PROJECT FOR TRUMP MONEY TO HELP A CAMPAIGN?
A CAMPAIGN? >> ANYBODY WHO HELPED IN A
>> ANYBODY WHO HELPED IN A CONSPIRACY TO PAY THESE MONEYS
CONSPIRACY TO PAY THESE MONEYS BACK KNOWING THEY WOULDN’T BE
BACK KNOWING THEY WOULDN’T BE DISCLOSED ON CAMPAIGN FINANCE
DISCLOSED ON CAMPAIGN FINANCE FORMS COULD BE GUILTY OF A
FORMS COULD BE GUILTY OF A CONSPIRACY.
CONSPIRACY. HOW YOU PROVE THAT, WE DON’T
HOW YOU PROVE THAT, WE DON’T HAVE TO RELY SOLELY ON THE WORD
HAVE TO RELY SOLELY ON THE WORD OF MICHAEL COHEN.
OF MICHAEL COHEN. THERE WILL BE OTHER EVIDENCE.
THERE WILL BE OTHER EVIDENCE. THEY CAN TALK TO ALAN
THEY CAN TALK TO ALAN WEISSELBERG, FOR EXAMPLE, WHO
WEISSELBERG, FOR EXAMPLE, WHO ACCORDING TO THAT RECORDING
ACCORDING TO THAT RECORDING PARTICIPATED IN THAT
PARTICIPATED IN THAT CONVERSATION AS WELL.
CONVERSATION AS WELL. THE CHECKS ARE SOME EVIDENCE.
THE CHECKS ARE SOME EVIDENCE. ONE THING YOU HAVE TO PROVE FOR
ONE THING YOU HAVE TO PROVE FOR CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS,
CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS, IT’S A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN
IT’S A LITTLE DIFFERENT THAN OTHER CRIMES, IS THAT IT WAS
OTHER CRIMES, IS THAT IT WAS COMMITTED WILLFULLY.
COMMITTED WILLFULLY. YOU HAVE TO SHOW THEY NOT ONLY
YOU HAVE TO SHOW THEY NOT ONLY KNEW WHAT THEY WERE DOING BUT
KNEW WHAT THEY WERE DOING BUT THAT IT WAS LEGAL.
THAT IT WAS LEGAL. A GREAT WAY TO SHOW THAT IS
A GREAT WAY TO SHOW THAT IS THROUGH SOME OTHER EVIDENCE OF
THROUGH SOME OTHER EVIDENCE OF CON SEALING WHAT
CON SEALING WHAT CONCEA
CONCEA CONCEA
CONCEA CONCEAL ING AND THEY NEEDED TO
CONCEAL ING AND THEY NEEDED TO COVER IT UP IN SOME WAY.
COVER IT UP IN SOME WAY. >> IS IT FAIR TO SAY HE ASKED
>> IS IT FAIR TO SAY HE ASKED MICHAEL COHEN AND THEN HE DIDN’T
MICHAEL COHEN AND THEN HE DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT IT, DOES THAT GO TO
KNOW ABOUT IT, DOES THAT GO TO THE TYPE OF EVIDENCE YOU’RE
THE TYPE OF EVIDENCE YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT?
TALKING ABOUT? >> YES.
>> YES. WHEN SOMEONE IS LYING OR
WHEN SOMEONE IS LYING OR COVERING UP IN AN UNUSUAL WAY,
COVERING UP IN AN UNUSUAL WAY, SOME OF IT COULD BE
SOME OF IT COULD BE CONSCIOUSNESS OF GUILT.
CONSCIOUSNESS OF GUILT. I KNOW WHAT I DID WAS WRONG AND
I KNOW WHAT I DID WAS WRONG AND YES, I LIED ABOUT IT.
YES, I LIED ABOUT IT. THAT COULD BE EVIDENCE TO PROVE
THAT COULD BE EVIDENCE TO PROVE THAT UNLAWFUL INTENT.
THAT UNLAWFUL INTENT. >> I DO I THINK WHAT MICHAEL
>> I DO I THINK WHAT MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED TO WAS
COHEN TESTIFIED TO WAS SIGNIFICANT FOR THE DETAILS AND
SIGNIFICANT FOR THE DETAILS AND EVIDENCE PROVIDED.
EVIDENCE PROVIDED. NOT FOR THE OPINIONS PROVIDED,
NOT FOR THE OPINIONS PROVIDED, OF WHICH THERE WERE SOME, BUT
OF WHICH THERE WERE SOME, BUT THE EVIDENCE.
THE EVIDENCE. AS YOU KNOW, PROSECUTORS AREN’T
AS YOU KNOW, PROSECUTORS AREN’T NORMAL PEOPLE, NO OFFENSE TO
NORMAL PEOPLE, NO OFFENSE TO EITHER OF YOU.
EITHER OF YOU. PROSECUTORS LOOK AT LEADS THE
PROSECUTORS LOOK AT LEADS THE WAY THE REST OF US LOOK AT ICE
WAY THE REST OF US LOOK AT ICE CREAM OR A NICE BIG CINNAMON
CREAM OR A NICE BIG CINNAMON ROLL.
ROLL. THEY GET EXCITED.
THEY GET EXCITED. I SAY THAT AS INTRODUCTION TO A
I SAY THAT AS INTRODUCTION TO A FORMER PROSECUTOR, CHRIS CHRIS C
FORMER PROSECUTOR, CHRIS CHRIS C WHO WE KNOW WAS HELPING DONALD
WHO WE KNOW WAS HELPING DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. >> WELL, WHAT HE DID YESTERDAY
>> WELL, WHAT HE DID YESTERDAY WAS CREATE A WHOLE BUNCH OF
WAS CREATE A WHOLE BUNCH OF WITNESSES THAT THE HOUSE IS NOW
WITNESSES THAT THE HOUSE IS NOW EMPOWERED TO TRY TO BRING BEFORE
EMPOWERED TO TRY TO BRING BEFORE THEM.
THEM. ALAN WEISSELBERG OF THE TRUMP
ALAN WEISSELBERG OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION WHO HE MUST HAVE
ORGANIZATION WHO HE MUST HAVE MENTIONED A DOZEN TIMES.
MENTIONED A DOZEN TIMES. THE PRESIDENT’S CHILDREN WHO HE
THE PRESIDENT’S CHILDREN WHO HE SAID WAS INVOLVED IN THE HUSH
SAID WAS INVOLVED IN THE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS.
MONEY PAYMENTS. WHAT HE DID WAS SET ALL THAT UP.
WHAT HE DID WAS SET ALL THAT UP. >> JOHN, DO YOU AGREE, BECAUSE A
>> JOHN, DO YOU AGREE, BECAUSE A LOT OF TRUMP DEFENDERS WERE
LOT OF TRUMP DEFENDERS WERE SAYING, I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
SAYING, I WANT TO TALK ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S CREDIBILITY.
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S CREDIBILITY. ANOTHER ONE IS SAYING, GOSH,
ANOTHER ONE IS SAYING, GOSH, LOOK AT THOSE NAMES.
LOOK AT THOSE NAMES. THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE YOU WANT TO
THOSE ARE THE PEOPLE YOU WANT TO TALK TO.
TALK TO. >> THE DEFENSE OF THE
>> THE DEFENSE OF THE REPUBLICANS JUST TO CALL HIM A
REPUBLICANS JUST TO CALL HIM A LIAR ONLY GOES SO FAR IN ANY
LIAR ONLY GOES SO FAR IN ANY KIND OF COMPETITION LIKE THIS,
KIND OF COMPETITION LIKE THIS, AND HE WAS LYING FOR A LIAR, AND
AND HE WAS LYING FOR A LIAR, AND WHAT WERE THE LIES ABOUT?
WHAT WERE THE LIES ABOUT? THE LIES WERE ABOUT CON CEAC ERK
THE LIES WERE ABOUT CON CEAC ERK WHAT WAS NEW.
WHAT WAS NEW. HE CREATED A SITUATION AND
HE CREATED A SITUATION AND PUBLICLY WE HAVE OUR WITNESS
PUBLICLY WE HAVE OUR WITNESS LIST AND WE’LL PROBABLY WORK
LIST AND WE’LL PROBABLY WORK THROUGH IT.
THROUGH IT. SOME PEOPLE SAY PROSECUTORS ARE
SOME PEOPLE SAY PROSECUTORS ARE GOING TO BE UPSET ABOUT THAT.
GOING TO BE UPSET ABOUT THAT. IN A NORMAL CASE THEY WOULD, BUT
IN A NORMAL CASE THEY WOULD, BUT OUR SYSTEM IS NOT WORKING.
OUR SYSTEM IS NOT WORKING. OUR CHECKS AND BALANCES ARE NOT
OUR CHECKS AND BALANCES ARE NOT WORKING.
WORKING. PEOPLE WHO SHOULD BE STANDING UP
PEOPLE WHO SHOULD BE STANDING UP TO THE WHITE HOUSE ARE NOT DOING
TO THE WHITE HOUSE ARE NOT DOING IT.
IT. WE ARE IN A VERY SPECIAL CRISIS
WE ARE IN A VERY SPECIAL CRISIS IN AMERICA.
IN AMERICA. AND THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE IS GOING
AND THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE IS GOING TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. AND THE ELECTION THAT WE WON IS
AND THE ELECTION THAT WE WON IS GOING TO ENABLE US TO HAVE A
GOING TO ENABLE US TO HAVE A GOOD AND FAIR AND REPUBLICAN
GOOD AND FAIR AND REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENT LIKE WE HAVEN’T HAD
GOVERNMENT LIKE WE HAVEN’T HAD FOR THE TWO YEARS BEFORE THE
FOR THE TWO YEARS BEFORE THE MIDTERM ELECTIONS.
MIDTERM ELECTIONS. SO WHATEVER THEY DO TO
SO WHATEVER THEY DO TO COMPROMISE MUELLER OR WHATEVER
COMPROMISE MUELLER OR WHATEVER THEY TRY TO DO TO SHUT DOWN THE
THEY TRY TO DO TO SHUT DOWN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, THEY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO DEAL
THEY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE INFORMATION, AND THAT
WITH THE INFORMATION, AND THAT MAKES THE DIFFERENCE.
MAKES THE DIFFERENCE. JEFFERSON SAID A NATION THAT
JEFFERSON SAID A NATION THAT EXPECTS TO BE IGNORANT AND FREE
EXPECTS TO BE IGNORANT AND FREE EXPECTS WHAT NEVER WAS AND NEVER
EXPECTS WHAT NEVER WAS AND NEVER WILL BE.
WILL BE. THE PEOPLE ARE GOING TO GET THE
THE PEOPLE ARE GOING TO GET THE INFORMATION AND THEY ARE GOING
INFORMATION AND THEY ARE GOING TO REACT TO IT, I BELIEVE.
TO REACT TO IT, I BELIEVE. >> FASCINATING.
>> FASCINATING. JOHN, THANK YOU.
JOHN, THANK YOU. BARBARA, I’M GOING TO SEE YOU
BARBARA, I’M GOING TO SEE YOU LATER IN THE SHOW.
LATER IN THE SHOW. WE HAVE TO FIT SOMETHING IN
WE HAVE TO FIT SOMETHING IN RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW. >>> BREAKING NEWS ON THIS FRIDAY
>>> BREAKING NEWS ON THIS FRIDAY NIGHT.
NIGHT. HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE NOW MOVING
HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE NOW MOVING FORWARD ON WHAT IS WIDELY
FORWARD ON WHAT IS WIDELY EXPECTED TO BE AN EPIC SHOWDOWN
EXPECTED TO BE AN EPIC SHOWDOWN TO GET LEGALLY DONALD TRUMP’S
TO GET LEGALLY DONALD TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS.
TAX RETURNS. WE HAVE NBC REPORTING FROM
WE HAVE NBC REPORTING FROM WASHINGTON RIGHT NOW.
WASHINGTON RIGHT NOW. THE HOUSE COMMITTEE WITH THE
THE HOUSE COMMITTEE WITH THE AUTHORITY TO GET THESE TAXES IS
AUTHORITY TO GET THESE TAXES IS MOVING FORWARD ON THE STEPS FOR
MOVING FORWARD ON THE STEPS FOR SOMETHING WE’VE DISCUSSED
SOMETHING WE’VE DISCUSSED PREVIOUSLY, A FORMAL REQUEST TO
PREVIOUSLY, A FORMAL REQUEST TO THE IRS, LAWYERS WORKING
THE IRS, LAWYERS WORKING EXPLICITLY ON LANGUAGE.
EXPLICITLY ON LANGUAGE. THE CHAIR OF THAT COMMITTEE,
THE CHAIR OF THAT COMMITTEE, RICHARD NEAL, WORKING WITH TOP
RICHARD NEAL, WORKING WITH TOP DEMOCRATS INVOLVED IN ORDER TO
DEMOCRATS INVOLVED IN ORDER TO STRENGTHSEN
STRENGTHSEN STRENGTHEN A LEGAL CASE.
STRENGTHEN A LEGAL CASE. FROM ROOT.COM, WHAT IS THE NEWS
FROM ROOT.COM, WHAT IS THE NEWS TONIGHT?
TONIGHT? >> THE NEWS IS THAT YOU GOT WAYS
>> THE NEWS IS THAT YOU GOT WAYS AND MEANS THAT ARE GOING TO
AND MEANS THAT ARE GOING TO FORMALLY ASK FOR THE PRESIDENT’S
FORMALLY ASK FOR THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS.
TAX RETURNS. THIS HAS TO DO ALSO WITH WHAT WE
THIS HAS TO DO ALSO WITH WHAT WE SAW EARLIER WITH THE OVERSIGHT
SAW EARLIER WITH THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE COULD
THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE COULD ASK FOR THE PRESIDENT’S TAX
ASK FOR THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS BUT THEY WOULD HAVE TO
RETURNS BUT THEY WOULD HAVE TO BASICALLY SUBPOENA THEM, AND
BASICALLY SUBPOENA THEM, AND THEN YOU WOULD HAVE A BIG COURT
THEN YOU WOULD HAVE A BIG COURT BATTLE.
BATTLE. WAYS AND MEANS CAN ACTUALLY SAY,
WAYS AND MEANS CAN ACTUALLY SAY, LOOK, WE WANT THE PRESIDENT’S
LOOK, WE WANT THE PRESIDENT’S TAX RETURNS.
TAX RETURNS. BUT THE CATCH IS THIS.
BUT THE CATCH IS THIS. THEY CAN’T JUST SAY, HOW MANY
THEY CAN’T JUST SAY, HOW MANY M’S DO YOU HAVE IN YOUR BANK
M’S DO YOU HAVE IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT?
ACCOUNT? THEY HAVE TO SAY, WE NEED YOUR
THEY HAVE TO SAY, WE NEED YOUR TAX RETURNS IN ORDER TO PASS A
TAX RETURNS IN ORDER TO PASS A CERTAIN KIND OF LAW.
CERTAIN KIND OF LAW. >> CAN THEY ASK HOW MANY COMMAS,
>> CAN THEY ASK HOW MANY COMMAS, JASON?
JASON? >> THEY COULD ASK HOW MANY
>> THEY COULD ASK HOW MANY COMMAS HE’S GOT.
COMMAS HE’S GOT. >> I HAVE A U.S. SENATOR
>> I HAVE A U.S. SENATOR STANDING BY, BUT ON THIS
STANDING BY, BUT ON THIS BREAKING NEWS, I NOW ASK YOU
BREAKING NEWS, I NOW ASK YOU ABOUT THE ANALYSIS.
ABOUT THE ANALYSIS. THERE HAS BEEN SO MUCH TALK
THERE HAS BEEN SO MUCH TALK ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S TAXES
ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S TAXES FOR SO LONG.
FOR SO LONG. WHAT DO YOU SEE AS THE IMPACT IN
WHAT DO YOU SEE AS THE IMPACT IN THE COHEN HEARINGS?
THE COHEN HEARINGS? >> OCACIO-CORTEZ IN THE
>> OCACIO-CORTEZ IN THE HEARINGS, SHE MENTIONED
HEARINGS, SHE MENTIONED PRESIDENT TRUMP’S GOLF CLUBS AND
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S GOLF CLUBS AND INFLATING THE TAXES.
INFLATING THE TAXES. THIS IS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
THIS IS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, SO THE TAX RETURNS
OF NEW YORK, SO THE TAX RETURNS ALMOST BECOME EVIDENCE FOR THAT
ALMOST BECOME EVIDENCE FOR THAT CASE.
CASE. THIS COULD BE USED FOR THE
THIS COULD BE USED FOR THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, WHAT
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, WHAT HAPPENS TO PEOPLE WHEN THEY TRY
HAPPENS TO PEOPLE WHEN THEY TRY TO INFLATE THEIR ASSETS.
TO INFLATE THEIR ASSETS. POSSIBLY NEW LAWS.
POSSIBLY NEW LAWS. >> IT IS VERY FLUID GIVEN THE
>> IT IS VERY FLUID GIVEN THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE DEMOCRATS
NUMBER OF POSSIBLE DEMOCRATS WORKING ON THIS.
WORKING ON THIS. THANK YOU, JASON.
THANK YOU, JASON. WE KEEP MOVING FORWARD BECAUSE
WE KEEP MOVING FORWARD BECAUSE SENATOR RICHARD BLUMENTHAL IS
SENATOR RICHARD BLUMENTHAL IS HERE WITH ME IN NEW YORK,
HERE WITH ME IN NEW YORK, MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY
MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY SPARKING ALL KINDS OF
SPARKING ALL KINDS OF CONGRESSIONAL LEADS.
CONGRESSIONAL LEADS. THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE NOW
THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE NOW WANTS TO HEAR FROM DONALD TRUMP.
WANTS TO HEAR FROM DONALD TRUMP. YOU HAVE SATER WHO WAS WITH
YOU HAVE SATER WHO WAS WITH TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW.
TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW. THEN, OF COURSE, THE MULTIPLE
THEN, OF COURSE, THE MULTIPLE COMMITTEES AS REPORTED TONIGHT
COMMITTEES AS REPORTED TONIGHT INTERESTED IN DONALD TRUMP’S TAX
INTERESTED IN DONALD TRUMP’S TAX RETURNS.
RETURNS. ADD TO THAT FINANCIAL CHAIR
ADD TO THAT FINANCIAL CHAIR MAXINE WATERS WITH NEW QUESTIONS
MAXINE WATERS WITH NEW QUESTIONS THAT DEAL WITH POTENTIAL USE OF
THAT DEAL WITH POTENTIAL USE OF FUNDS BY THE MANY WHO SERVE ON
FUNDS BY THE MANY WHO SERVE ON THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. THANKS FOR BEING ON THE BEAT
THANKS FOR BEING ON THE BEAT TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. >> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH. >> A LOT TO TALK ABOUT BUT LET’S
>> A LOT TO TALK ABOUT BUT LET’S BEGIN WITH THE TAX RETURNS.
BEGIN WITH THE TAX RETURNS. WHAT CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THAT
WHAT CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THAT PROCESS OF SOMETHING THE
PROCESS OF SOMETHING THE DEMOCRATS ALL WANT TO DO, THEY
DEMOCRATS ALL WANT TO DO, THEY ARE MADE NECESSARY BY THE WAYS
ARE MADE NECESSARY BY THE WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE WANTING --
AND MEANS COMMITTEE WANTING -- AND PROTECT THE PUBLIC AGAINST
AND PROTECT THE PUBLIC AGAINST THE KIND OF TAX FRAUD THAT WAS
THE KIND OF TAX FRAUD THAT WAS REVEALED VERY DRAMATICALLY IN
REVEALED VERY DRAMATICALLY IN THE TRUST -- THAT’S AGAINST THE
THE TRUST -- THAT’S AGAINST THE LAW.
LAW. >> YOU VIEW WHAT COHEN OUTLINED
>> YOU VIEW WHAT COHEN OUTLINED THERE, AND HE SAID IT UNDER
THERE, AND HE SAID IT UNDER OEMPLT
OEMPLT OEMPLT.
OEMPLT. >> IT’S FRAUD IN SOME COMPANIES,
>> IT’S FRAUD IN SOME COMPANIES, IT’S BANK FRAUD.
IT’S BANK FRAUD. IT COULD BE APPROXIMATE BE MANY.
IT COULD BE APPROXIMATE BE MANY. BUT ALSO I THINK WHAT STRIKES ME
BUT ALSO I THINK WHAT STRIKES ME ABOUT THE COHEN TESTIMONY IS THE
ABOUT THE COHEN TESTIMONY IS THE KIND OF PANDORA’S BOX IT OPENED.
KIND OF PANDORA’S BOX IT OPENED. NOT ONLY IN TERMS OF WITNESSES
NOT ONLY IN TERMS OF WITNESSES BUT ALSO POTENTIAL CRIMES.
BUT ALSO POTENTIAL CRIMES. VERY FEW PEOPLE FOCUSED ON THOSE
VERY FEW PEOPLE FOCUSED ON THOSE SUBSTANTIAL BELIEVE.
SUBSTANTIAL BELIEVE. AND AS YOU SAID BEFORE, A LOT OF
AND AS YOU SAID BEFORE, A LOT OF PROSECUTORIAL EARS OPENED WIDE
PROSECUTORIAL EARS OPENED WIDE AND EYES, FRANKLY, AT SOME OF
AND EYES, FRANKLY, AT SOME OF WHAT COHEN SAID ABOUT THOSE
WHAT COHEN SAID ABOUT THOSE CHECKS.
CHECKS. YOU MENTIONED THEM EARLIER AND
YOU MENTIONED THEM EARLIER AND YOU SHOWED THEM.
YOU SHOWED THEM. THEY WERE WRITTEN AND DISCUSSED
THEY WERE WRITTEN AND DISCUSSED IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
IN THE OVAL OFFICE. IN THE OVAL OFFICE AFTER TRUMP
IN THE OVAL OFFICE AFTER TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT.
BECAME PRESIDENT. SO I THINK THE TIMING IS VERY
SO I THINK THE TIMING IS VERY IMPORTANT AS BARBARA AND JOHN
IMPORTANT AS BARBARA AND JOHN MENTIONED, TWO GREAT LAWYERS,
MENTIONED, TWO GREAT LAWYERS, THAT THE POTENTIAL FOR
THAT THE POTENTIAL FOR CONSPIRACY THERE INVOLVES
CONSPIRACY THERE INVOLVES LITERALLY THE SEAT OF
LITERALLY THE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT, AND I THINK ALL OF
GOVERNMENT, AND I THINK ALL OF THE COHEN TESTIMONY IS VERY
THE COHEN TESTIMONY IS VERY CONSEQUENTIAL IN THAT WAY.
CONSEQUENTIAL IN THAT WAY. >> IT SEEMED LIKE A SIGNIFICANT
>> IT SEEMED LIKE A SIGNIFICANT THING EVEN IN A TIME WHEN PEOPLE
THING EVEN IN A TIME WHEN PEOPLE ARE SOMEWHAT INURED TO HOW MANY
ARE SOMEWHAT INURED TO HOW MANY BREAKING STORIES THERE ARE.
BREAKING STORIES THERE ARE. I WANT TO WIDEN OUT AND TALK
I WANT TO WIDEN OUT AND TALK ABOUT SOMETHING THAT’S SO
ABOUT SOMETHING THAT’S SO OBVIOUS, IT MAY NOT NEED MUCH
OBVIOUS, IT MAY NOT NEED MUCH DISCUSSION.
DISCUSSION. BUT YOU’RE HERE.
BUT YOU’RE HERE. IT LED TO ONE OF THE MOST ABSURD
IT LED TO ONE OF THE MOST ABSURD LINES OF ATTACK ON MICHAEL
LINES OF ATTACK ON MICHAEL COHEN, WHICH WAS REPUBLICANS
COHEN, WHICH WAS REPUBLICANS HAMMERING HIM FOR BEING AN
HAMMERING HIM FOR BEING AN ALLEGED LIAR IN THE SERVICE AND
ALLEGED LIAR IN THE SERVICE AND DEFENSE OF A PRESIDENT THAT HAS
DEFENSE OF A PRESIDENT THAT HAS BEEN DOCUMENTED TO LIE MORE THAN
BEEN DOCUMENTED TO LIE MORE THAN ANY POLITICIAN IN AMERICAN
ANY POLITICIAN IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
HISTORY. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> OUR FIRST BIG HEARING WITH,
>> OUR FIRST BIG HEARING WITH, AS WE ALL KNOW, A CONVICTED
AS WE ALL KNOW, A CONVICTED LIAR, LYING TO CONGRESS.
LIAR, LYING TO CONGRESS. YOU’RE A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR.
YOU’RE A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR. AND LOOK AT THE OLD ADAGE OUR
AND LOOK AT THE OLD ADAGE OUR MOMS TAUGHT US.
MOMS TAUGHT US. LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE.
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE. >> HE’S GOING TO PRISON FOR
>> HE’S GOING TO PRISON FOR LYING TO CONGRESS AND HE’S THE
LYING TO CONGRESS AND HE’S THE STAR WITNESS TO CONGRESS.
STAR WITNESS TO CONGRESS. >> YOU KNOW, IT’S JUST ONE OTHER
>> YOU KNOW, IT’S JUST ONE OTHER EXAMPLE OF SKIRTING THE TRUTH.
EXAMPLE OF SKIRTING THE TRUTH. >> ISN’T THAT ABSURD TO BE THE
>> ISN’T THAT ABSURD TO BE THE LINE IN DEFENSE OF DONALD TRUMP?
LINE IN DEFENSE OF DONALD TRUMP? >> DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO FALL
>> DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO FALL PRETTY QUICKLY IF THAT’S THE
PRETTY QUICKLY IF THAT’S THE DEFENSE.
DEFENSE. BUT REMEMBER ABOUT APPROXIMATEWH
BUT REMEMBER ABOUT APPROXIMATEWH IS A REASON TO DEEPEN AND
IS A REASON TO DEEPEN AND AGGRAVATE ALREADY THREE YEARS
AGGRAVATE ALREADY THREE YEARS HE’S GOING TO SPEND ON BARS.
HE’S GOING TO SPEND ON BARS. REMEMBER, HE BELIEVES EVERYTHING
REMEMBER, HE BELIEVES EVERYTHING HE IS TELLING TO CONGRESS.
HE IS TELLING TO CONGRESS. PERHAPS NOT NORMAL, BUT
PERHAPS NOT NORMAL, BUT REMEMBER, THE ARGUMENTS WE MAKE
REMEMBER, THE ARGUMENTS WE MAKE TO JURIES USING WITNESSES THAT
TO JURIES USING WITNESSES THAT COMMIT THESE CRIMES.
COMMIT THESE CRIMES. DON’T LEAVE YOUR COMMON SENSE AT
DON’T LEAVE YOUR COMMON SENSE AT THE DOOR.
THE DOOR. NOT A JURY IN A COURTROOM, BUT
NOT A JURY IN A COURTROOM, BUT THE SAME KIND FD.
THE SAME KIND FD. >> THAT’S WHY THIS WAS
>> THAT’S WHY THIS WAS DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. THERE IS SOMETHING IN COMMON, AS
THERE IS SOMETHING IN COMMON, AS YOU KNOW.
YOU KNOW. THE JURY AND THE COURT OF PUBLIC
THE JURY AND THE COURT OF PUBLIC OPINION ARE MADE UP OF CITIZENS
OPINION ARE MADE UP OF CITIZENS WHICH HAVE WHAT WE CALL A B.S.
WHICH HAVE WHAT WE CALL A B.S. DETECTOR, FOR SOME OF THE GRAND
DETECTOR, FOR SOME OF THE GRAND I COULDN’T SAY
I COULDN’T SAY GRANDIOSITY OF PARTISAN
GRANDIOSITY OF PARTISAN SPEECHES.
SPEECHES. BUT THIS WASN’T ABOUT PARTISAN
BUT THIS WASN’T ABOUT PARTISAN SPEECHES, IT WAS ABOUT THIS GUY
SPEECHES, IT WAS ABOUT THIS GUY WHO
WHO WHO. -- I WANT TO GET YOUR
WHO. -- I WANT TO GET YOUR RESPONSE, OF COURSE.
RESPONSE, OF COURSE. >> THERE ARE OTHER WITNESSES.
>> THERE ARE OTHER WITNESSES. WE’RE GOING TO HEAR FROM THOSE
WE’RE GOING TO HEAR FROM THOSE OTHER WITNESSES, AND WHAT IS SO
OTHER WITNESSES, AND WHAT IS SO STRIKING ABOUT WHAT DONALD TRUMP
STRIKING ABOUT WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID WAS HE WAS WILLING TO MANY
DID WAS HE WAS WILLING TO MANY TO HELP HIM GET ELECTED.
TO HELP HIM GET ELECTED. THAT KIND OF THREAT TO OUR
THAT KIND OF THREAT TO OUR NATIONAL SECURITY.
NATIONAL SECURITY. WE’RE SEEING IT AGAIN AND HE
WE’RE SEEING IT AGAIN AND HE OVERRULED HIS OWN SECURITY
OVERRULED HIS OWN SECURITY ADVICE AND PROFESSIONALS.
ADVICE AND PROFESSIONALS. I THINK NONE OF IT WAS ABOUT
I THINK NONE OF IT WAS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP AS A PERSON, ALL OF
DONALD TRUMP AS A PERSON, ALL OF IT WAS ATTACKING COHEN.
IT WAS ATTACKING COHEN. >> FROM ONE PROSECUTING SENATOR,
>> FROM ONE PROSECUTING SENATOR, JASON HAS BEEN FOLLOWING THE
JASON HAS BEEN FOLLOWING THE LAST STORIES FOR US AND THE LAST
LAST STORIES FOR US AND THE LAST ONE IS -- JANUARY, AN EPIC
ONE IS -- JANUARY, AN EPIC OVERRULING OF THE INTELLIGENCE
OVERRULING OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TO RUSH OUT A
COMMITTEE TO RUSH OUT A CLEARANCE OF GINL THE VERY BASIC
CLEARANCE OF GINL THE VERY BASIC LEVEL, WHETHER YOU’RE IN THE FBI
LEVEL, WHETHER YOU’RE IN THE FBI OR CIA, YOU CAN’T GET SECURITY
OR CIA, YOU CAN’T GET SECURITY CLEARANCE IF YOU HAVE A CERTAIN
CLEARANCE IF YOU HAVE A CERTAIN DEBT RATIO.
DEBT RATIO. MR. COHEN WOULD NOT BE TIBLABLE
MR. COHEN WOULD NOT BE TIBLABLE DO THIS, AND WHEN THE PRESIDENT
DO THIS, AND WHEN THE PRESIDENT SAID, WHY DON’T YOU STEP IN THE